this man has a hobby that is going to
all kinds of prisons
because in his eyes the prison is like
home sweet home
if he wanted to come in he can go in if
he wanted to leave
nobody could stop him jay gently walked
out of the prison
he calmed down called to inform the
result and was arrested again
prison breaking was his job this is the
15th prison he has successfully escaped
he is entitled the master of prison
breaking so he became famous and start a
business with his friend
clark jay escapes from prisons and clark
handles the rest
one day a female agent named miller came
to make an offer
dang she is hot she said it was a
private prison specialized in keeping
the most difficult to manage prisoners
if jay does not escape it is proven that
this prison is safe
by then many people will come to invest
to ensure this test
they could not tell clark and jay the
location of the prison in advance
they had to rely on their own this offer
is quite dangerous but when the
wonderful friend clark heard that they
would receive double as usual
he instantly agreed jay faked his
identity to ensure his safety
they installed a tracking device on
jay's biceps and negotiated a withdrawal
method in advance
jay went to the pickup location but it
seems like the transportation method is
not the same as before
jay was taste stripped out the
positioning device and was injected
anesthetic into his body
then he woke up in the prison the prison
manager is checking jay's identity
jay felt that the situation was not
right so he wanted to leave and said the
exit code but it was ineffective
moreover
he is locked in a room with transparent
glass and a giant surveillance camera
that can monitor them at any time
to escape from this place is even harder
than going to see jesus
their jay met rot rot was hit right away
and even said that from now on
he would take care of jay seeing riot
was so buffed
jay said that he wanted to be detained
so the two cooperated and were then
locked in isolated cells
jay wanted to find a way out of there an
experienced person like him indeed found
it
outside jay told rot that he could help
him escape but rod had to help find a
piece of metal
so rot talked to a prison guard and said
that he wanted to be beaten
seeing that the guard did nothing rot
then impolitely asked questions of the
guard's mother
then he was forced to lie down on the
ground and beaten up rot took the
opportunity to pry up the plumbing cap
after he got the cap they beat the other
prisoners to make some trouble and were
returned to the isolated cells as a
result
then jay used the metal piece to heat
the screws according to the principle of
hot and cold expansion
the screw burst out by this time an
actor like rot started to attract the
guard's attention
jay chewed a bread stuck it on the
camera the black scene on the camera was
thought to be due to equipment
malfunction
so the guard did not pay attention jay
quickly pricked the metal lid up and
climbed down
in the middle of the road jay broke a
water pipe but without thinking much
his life was the most important then
jake crawled up a path
the view in front of him amazed him they
were on a cargo ship in the middle of
the ocean
without any sight of land a person with
such escape experience like jay also
started to feel hopeless
he went back the guards have to release
them to the water leak
after the manager saw the screw that
came off he started
so
jay was a lawyer and put a criminal in
jail but unexpectedly
the criminal escaped and killed all of
his family so jay feels that it's not
enough just to put them in jail
but have to make sure they also don't
get out that is the reason why jay just
wanted to do this job well
after the two of them confided in each
other their minds flashed a flame of
hope and started a new escaped plan
since they don't know where their
location is so they need a pair of
glasses to use the magic of cinema to
form a positioning device their eyes
both look at an unlucky guy
and when they're done they felt that
they need to find one more person to
join
they were attracted to a shiny thing
could you guess what it was
just take a look at this guy's head it
could definitely be helpful in darker
places
so they found him and told him their
plan javed agreed
the homemade locator is completely
unusable in the prison so javed went to
the manager and said that if he allowed
him to see the moon at night
he would tell the manager who wanted to
escape the manager did not understand
why he had to see the moon
javed said that the night was a full
moon and wanted to see if he could turn
into a werewolf
the manager agreed to javed's request
and he successfully measured the
latitude
based on a variety of factors such as
climate magic
etc it turned out that this was the sea
of morocco
but just knowing the location is not
enough they have to find someone to pick
them up from outside
rot said that he would take care of it
he could even find a helicopter
jay was a bit skeptical is it
trustworthy roth said
of course if it really doesn't then rot
would kneel and ask for it
the plan must be in harmony both inside
and out in order to settle it properly
there must be one more person to help
from inside so jay hurt himself and to
find the doctor
jay asked if the doctor was looking at a
book related to prison
the book is written by jay in which a
page is about a request to the prison
doctor
which is to make them swear that they
will cure the patient this prison is the
one that kills
dr carrier looked at the book he had
read remembered the vow
and decided to save them the doctor said
the pickup address to roth's friend
then it's all done jay lay on his
stomach under the camera and tapped on
the glass to send some signs
an intelligent person like the manager
saw what he was up to immediately
the prison guard opened a book of
magical secrets and began to investigate
when they learned that they were about
to flee from zone c more than half of
the guards were sent through
immediately after that jay and rot
started to fight other prisoners up and
down
suddenly i felt a little compassion for
these people getting beaten every day
without knowing what was the reason
the three of them extremely enjoyed the
escaped process when removing the
surveillance camera
they also deliberately teased the prison
guard the prisoner was fatally beaten by
them
but javed was hit by a bullet although
he did not get hit in a dangerous place
since he was not the main character he
did not last long
so the director let javed stay and buy
some time to help the other two
they are coming leave it to me
jay went into the cabin and opened the
compartment so that rot got out and got
on the helicopter
he picked up the machine gun just like
the terminator all over again
jay also escaped from the ship's water
pipes rot dropped the stairs for jay to
climb
at this time the manager chased after
them thought that he would stop them or
die trying
jay and rod were like being in contra
boom they blew up the oil tank and
fulfilled the wishes of the manager
they were brought to shore and saw
miller again it turns out that she was
rott's daughter because rod was unfairly
taken
so she went to jay jay felt extremely
angry
so he invented his anger on clarks if it
wasn't for clark
then jay wouldn't have turned out like
that so he got his revenge
sent his juniors to drug clark then put
him in the cargo ship's container
without any water and food
this movie tells us that learning and
being good at physics and chemistry
could savor us in some dramatic action
movie situation
that's pretty much it thanks for
watching see you again